update for v3 (#49)
bitfocus/companion-module-getontime-ontime: companion/HELP.md

## Configuration

- This module version requires Ontime v3 or above
- You can download ontime at [www.getontime.no](https://www.getontime.no/)
- Ontime must be reachable through the network by the device running companion

> - **Ontime server port** is usually 4001, with the exceptions of custom and docker setups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Ontime server port** which is by default 4001. Keep in mind that this can be changed by the user
```
